well, the main different degrees. Or you could get a master's degree and
a PhD or, like maybe another type of doctoral degree. So so that's
kind of the two categories is a master's degree and a doctoral degree.
So masters are usually either a master of arts degree or a master
of science degree, depending on what course of study you're doing.
And then there are multiple types of doctoral degrees so you can get
a PhD, which is technically a doctorate in philosophy. Um, but that's
really to distinguish it from an M D, which is a doctor of medicine.
Uh, you can get a J D, which is a doctor of jurisprudence, um,
an E D, which is a doctor of education, so there's a lot of different
flavors of doctoral degrees.